blog: aerocore2 zephyr (#1283)
96boards/website: _posts/2020-05-20-aerocore2-upstreaming.md

### Constant changes in Zephyr Source

Since the time I sent out my [initial Pull Request]() the Zephyr RTOS repository has gone through a lot of changes on how it handles SoCs and Devices at build time, moving from KConfig to Device Tree.

This resulted in the PR being re-submitted multiple times and took about 4 monts (O_o) to get merged.

### Changelog

- Added all required board files in /boards/arm/96b_aerocore2
- Modified pinmux for stm32f4
- Add stm32f427 support based on previous work done for the stm32f429.
- Rework currunt stm32f429 implimentation to now be based on stm32f427.
- Introduce dedicated dtsi for the VI variant of both stm32f427 and stm32f429. This is done to prevent stm32f4.dtsi from being included twice.

### What Works and What Doesn't

Pretty much everything broken out from the STM32 MCU works and is enabled. Better question may be what doesn't work?
- Most of the sensors:
    - Sadly most sensors on-board the aerocore2 don't have a driver in the Zephyr Source tree and hence were out-of-scope for this pull request.

> - PWM Input: Most drone controller boards have a PWM-in header for controller input, Zephyr at the mooment doesn't have a mechanism to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PWM Input: Most drone controller boards have a PWM-in header for controller input, Zephyr at the moment doesn't have a mechanism to do this.
```

***

# Conclusion

At the end, I'd like to thank the maintainers of the ZephyrRTOS project and Gumstix for helping out along the way.

> You can check out the Aerocore2's Dedicated page at ZepherRTOS at: [https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/boards/arm/96b_aerocore2/doc/index.html](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/boards/arm/96b_aerocore2/doc/index.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check out the Aerocore2's Dedicated page at Zephyr RTOS at: [https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/boards/arm/96b_aerocore2/doc/index.html](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/boards/arm/96b_aerocore2/doc/index.html)
```
